this time so they are dark spot you bite jack
threats
panelists have to you about
that the robot winning jeffrey
computer i think i really go by
i think they're both stupid
and i don't live people accent
what and honest and our are we supposed to
try and be these computers
you're supposed to try m
i don't understand and still get it as i don't
see how this is and an entertaining and just
think it's stupid well first of all q washer
pretty going out because i don't
know the answers
amnesty for that we try to go advocates computer
you know it's going to win
want
the computer did get some stuff wrong and
it sent a lot of funny things when i got several
you would get stuff like crazy wrong sometimes
like you know
but he would say like you know
you know if you like it up with a popular
web show hosted by j q her and uh... computer
would answer it if it's a
what he is wednesday
inoperative bigger would get that totally
goofy wrong uh...
but it did win and it answer really quickly
like size you get the feeling the guys two
down compete gested buzzing about ice-t_ i
think it's not fair well they had a system
where actually had to hit the button had to
be hit
but it was going to quickly so
and that's it so i think it was unfair
bob because they clearly you somebody answers
uh... but the ideal was what can we it was
the idea wasn't that we've just been decided
just to win on jeopardy
apparently designed it
to show what computers can do what kind of
information we can give these computers
and how we can change the way
they think
i look at might mean for the future but that
might mean for progress not but that might
mean for game shows
i think i guess and comfortable with computers
came to start
hedged it but uh... the and i think this is
the latest reviews for good paster yeah
i live now by an elf reflected back at the
fed endowed experiments that mca
pretty screwed by the way the computer wasn't
that thing in the middle
that was sort of standard for the computer
risk our lives of the rule legitimate lesterr
it should be able to sit at the time but you
don't put it at the pacific time
jack residue spots for t liking their members
only online shopping club but because you
know honest you really get it but we cool
uh... but here's the key key part eighty percent
off
hello obey percent off of the sultana paralyzed
the country
ratso go to jack threads dot com slash t like
the because free to join and you get all those
discounts and you avoid and that's the any
of this commercials a little shrine